[ENG-11699][docs] Update expo-updates brownfield installation (#27616)
expo/expo: docs/pages/bare/installing-updates.mdx

Modify the `expo` section of **app.json**. (If you originally created your app using `npx react-native init`, you will need to add this section.)
The changes below add the updates URL to the Expo configuration.

> > The example updates URL and project ID shown here is for use with EAS Update, where the EAS CLI will set this URL correctly for the EAS Update service when running `eas update:configure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The example `updates` URL and `projectId` shown below are for use with EAS Update. The EAS CLI sets this URL correctly for the EAS Update service when running `eas update:configure`.
```

- Let's split this sentence for improved readability.
- Also, highlight `updates` and `projectId` so they can be directly referenced in the example below
- Fix grammatical error

+    },
+    "runtimeVersion": "1.0.0",
+    "updates": {
+      "url": "https://u.expo.dev/[your-project-id]"
+    },
+    "extra": {
+      "eas": {
+        "projectId": "[your-project-id]"
+      }
+    }
+  }
 }
```

> Run `eas update:configure` to set the updates URL and project ID in **app.json**.
> <Terminal cmd={['$ eas update:configure']} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `eas update:configure` to set the `updates` URL and `projectId` in **app.json**.

<Terminal cmd={['$ eas update:configure']} />
```

If you want to set up a [custom server](/eas-update/custom-updates-server) instead, add your URL to `updates.url` in **app.json**.

```diff app.json
 {
   "name": "MyApp",
   "displayName": "MyApp",
   "expo": {
     "name": "MyApp",

>      ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      /* @hide ... */ /* @end */
```
